there's a little dirt in the morels hey
we're in the mountains what'd you expect
this one be the most amazing wild
mushroom omelet first olive oil in get
that piping hot in with the morels
anywhere delicious and it was spiced
with those mushrooms element it's long
my favorite sort of equivalent of a
Indian gam Siler there's all different
depending what we do are in the Atlas
Mountains
really important to take the water out
of those mushrooms otherwise the eggs
only goes really watery and the nicely
now have to get some color on those
mushrooms come on after foraging for
these mushrooms rappelling down a
waterfall trust me you know the big
level of scrambled eggs and omelets so
perfect omelet
so seize it we start cooking it eggs in
let's make it a generous omelet shall we
now from there lightly fork the eggs
pull those mushrooms come out touch a
butter in there well the waters gone you
can see the color on the mushroom now
I've kept the heat in the pan so we got
that nice
so say flavor as opposed to boiling
mushrooms so good now once those
mushrooms have a juice in size got a
color on there okay
flatten them out let's go you have to be
quick now okay season into the eggs
little touch up last a little mix and
then she go so now work that okay work
it what happens when you work it so
you're working the pan we take it to a
stage where it's almost just a little
bit liquid in the center don't worry
about the plum mixing that over the idea
all those eggs I see cooked a kneading
distribution of those mushrooms and look
flat it all out nicely okay
and a lightly seasoned that in the
center and then from there it's some
beautiful goat cheese now sprinkle that
on let's give that nice salty flavor to
the omelet or not
let that start to melt take the chill I
just lift the bottom of the L mix from
the pan literally let the pan do the
work
how we do that let the pan do the work
tilt the pan and literally just fold it
over now get in cheese is just time to
melt tilt the pan as it goes down let it
roll around finally there's a beautiful
omelette boom
there we go a most amazing omelette
serve with incredible Puccini
Morales contrail it's be the most
expensive omelet tonight and now it's
mountains well delicious even those a
little dirt in the morels hey we're in
the mountains what'd you expect
now let me eat this please let me know
in the comments what you think of that
amazing scrambled egg dish and if you
missed uncharted trust me you can watch
it on the link below or on the NatGeo
app